Story Recapped here.
Today, I’m going to explain a drama, horror,
thriller film called, "Cadaver."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
A nuclear disaster left the world without
food and power, with the remaining survivors
losing hope.
A young girl named Alice hears someone choking
from the neighbor's apartment.
She picks up a white rabbit doll on the floor
as the door creaks open.
Her parents, Jacob and Leonora, stop her from
entering.
Leonora opens the door to find their neighbor
hanging in the darkness.
That evening, Leonora wakes up, startled.
She goes to Alice's bedroom but finds the
bed empty.
Her mind runs in terror, calling for Alice
desperately before she wakes up from the nightmare.
Wanting to make sure, Leonora goes to Alice's
room.
Alice draws her blanket down, shaking in fear.
A sound woke her up and asks her mother to
drive the monsters away.
Leonora pretends to banish the monsters, assuring
Alice that they are not real.
Men start yelling and banging at their door.
Leonora sings a lullaby to calm Alice down
until the men leave.
Later that night, Jacob admits to losing hope,
but Leonora reminds him that they must endure
for Alice.
Before she sleeps, Leonora stares at her poster
of Macbeth, where she played the lead role.
She hears the audience's cheers as she falls
asleep.
The next day, Leonora scrapes the bottom of
a can for food, but it's not enough for her
family.
Outside, a vehicle pulls up, and a man announces
a show where meals will be served.
Hearing this opportunity, Leonora hurries
outside.
On the streets, Leonora asks the announcer,
Arnold, how they have food to spare.
He answers that the host is a kind man who
wants to entertain people in these harsh times.
Desperate, Leonora buys tickets for the show.
At home, Jacob thinks the show is too good
to be true, but Leonora believes that it's
an opportunity for Alice to see a show and
get a proper meal.
With Jacob convinced, the family wears their
finest outfits and heads to the hotel.
There, Arnold stops them, insisting that the
show is not for kids.
The owner, Mathias Vinterberg, interrupts
them and allows Alice to join the show.
Inside, the guests are in awe at the hotel's
pristine condition.
Lights filled the room, and servers wait on
them courteously.
Each one receives a meal, which they happily
eat.
After the meal, Leonora and Jacob share stories
with another family: Lars, his wife Katherine,
and their daughter Susanne.
While they're talking, the room dims, directing
their attention to the stage.
On the stage, Mathias delivers a piece about
how humans' need to feel something separates
them from animals.
Leonora watches the presentation in awe, remembering
her times on stage.
Mathias explains that the hotel will stage
multiple presentations while the guests are
given gold masks to separate them from the
actors.
The stage darkens, and a spotlight presents
a woman named Rakel approaching a table.
She argues with a man named David, who scolds
her for being too busy for her daughter's
birthday while she mocks his alcoholism.
The scene ends with the actors walking to
separate halls, opting for the guests to wear
their masks and follow.
Along with other guests, Alice and her parents
climb up the stairs to follow Rakel, passing
by the kitchen, where they're surprised to
see meats and vegetables around.
As they walk down the hall, they see other
performances in different rooms.
The family reaches the office where Rakel
and Mathias argue, ending with Mathias breaking
her heart.
Rakel walks out in tears, and the family follows.
Leonora assures Alice that it's all an act,
seeing the child worried about Rakel.
David walks to Rakel, telling her that her
room is ready.
Rakel leaves, leading the family forward.
At the end of the hallway, they've lost sight
of Rakel.
A door creaks loudly, starting Alice.
A woman in a red dress runs in panic, leading
Jacob and Leonora to question if it's part
of the play.
But when they see Alice scared, they assure
her that it is.
Heading up, Jacob notices that the hotel is
empty.
Leonora assumes that the guests have followed
other actors like what they're doing.
When they hear Alice calling for Rakel, they
rush upstairs, warning her that it's the wrong
floor.
There, the hallway is much darker than the
others.
When they reach Alice, Jacob scolds her for
running off.
Leonora interrupts them, encouraging Alice
to find Rakel's room.
Alice walks ahead, counting up the room numbers
while her parents discuss.
Jacob disagrees in allowing Alice to continue,
but given their situation, Leonora wants to
let Alice be a kid for a change.
When Alice stops counting, they realize that
she's gone.
They drop their masks, searching the rooms
for Alice.
They reach a locked room and hear Alice's
scream.
Jacob forces the door open, but the room inside
is empty and quiet.
Jacob curses; his suspicions about the hotel
are coming true.
A frantic voice comes from down the hall.
The couple braces themselves, only to see
Katherine searching for Lars and Susanne.
Leonora suggests checking Rakel's room as
Alice was looking for it before she disappeared.
They head to the fourth floor and reach Rakel's
room, but it's empty.
Jacob notices the bars on the window, worried
that it's meant to keep them imprisoned.
From the other side of the room, they hear
Katherine's scream and the sound of heavy
doors closing.
The two follow the sound, but Katherine is
gone.
Jacob checks the rest of the room, but Leonora
is drawn to a painting of a goat's head on
a plate.
She stares at the goat's eyes, seeing it blink.
She recoils in shock, but Jacob checks the
painting and sees nothing wrong.
On the carpet, Leonora finds one of Katherine's
earrings.
Coming down the stairs, Leonora finds a man
fleeing.
She asks him if he's seen Alice, but he demands
they prove that they're guests.
Since they lost their masks earlier, the man
doesn't trust them and leaves.
They reach another hallway and follow a thump
from a dressing room, where a man, Hans, talks
to himself.
They plead for his help, but he ignores them.
Instead, he rambles on about how turning into
something he refuses to be, his voice shaking
in grief.
He sweeps the contents of the table and reveals
a razor in hand.
Leonora and Jacob back away in fear as Hans
tells them to trust no one before taking the
razor to his own throat.
Jacob pulls Leonora out of the room, telling
her to forget what she saw and focus on finding
Alice.
Rakel finds them and mistakes them for new
actors, telling them to head to the ballroom.
She passes by the dressing room and tells
Hans to stop the act.
Hoping to find answers, Jacob and Leonora
follow Rakel.
On their way, they find Alice's doll on the
floor, seeing it stained with blood.
They enter the room nearby and find mounds
of clothes and other items.
Lars walks out from the darkness, searching
for his family.
Upon seeing a bag of fake blood on the floor,
Jacob asks for the doll and dips his finger
on the bloodstain.
He tastes the liquid and notes that it's sweet.
With the blood being fake, they conclude that
everything they've seen is part of the show.
The three head to the upper deck of the ballroom
to watch as numerous hooded figures bow before
Mathias.
He dictates their purpose, telling them to
trust him to survive.
Lars suggests following the workers wearing
aprons and masks, who are transferring items
out of the ballroom.
The three hide behind walls to watch the workers
dispose of the items.
Leonora sees a worker open a painting like
a door and disappear.
Jacob and Lars inspect the painting but see
nothing behind it.
They reach the kitchen, seeing the workers
load items into a dumbwaiter.
They crawl across them to get to the other
side of the building.
In the basement, they see the dumbwaiter open
with clothes stuffed inside.
At the end of the path, they find an incinerator
filled with burning clothes.
Panicked and confused, Jacob walks away, believing
that the others are dead; that's why they're
burning the clothes from the other guests.
Leonora refuses to believe this; otherwise,
she'd lose hope for their daughter.
A waiter comes up from behind Jacob, holding
a knife to his neck.
It's Hans, revealing that his stunt earlier
was also fake.
Jacob asks Lars for help, but Lars escapes
to find his family.
Out of options, Jacob twists Hans' arm to
allow Leonora to escape.
She runs back to the stairs but is blocked
by one of the workers.
She climbs into the dumbwaiter, pushing the
button and closing it before Hans reaches
her.
Back in the kitchen, she runs and knocks one
of the meats from the hooks.
It clatters on the floor as if made of plastic.
With the illusion broken, she sees that the
fresh vegetables and jars of food in the kitchen
are fake, made out of cardboard and plastic.
She escapes and heads to the office to hide.
When Hans arrives, the room is empty.
Inside a cabinet, Leonora watches Hans through
the crack between the doors.
There, she spots newspaper clippings about
a famous director who buys a hotel where his
daughter died.
Hans reaches for the cabinet door but stops
when he's called back to the ballroom.
With Hans away, Leonora exits the cabinet.
She sees the envelope that Rakel left during
the play.
Inside is a photo of Mathias and a little
girl who looks like Alice.
Based on the newspaper clippings she saw earlier,
she wonders if it's Mathias' daughter.
Leonora heads back to the balcony above the
ballroom, seeing the tables set.
Mathias welcomes recruits to their show, telling
them to scatter the audience by creating scenes
and characters to lure them.
After delivering his instructions to the recruit,
he criticizes Rakel, reminding her that she'd
be out in the cold, desolated world without
him.
Rakel apologizes and promises to be whoever
he wants her to be.
Another actress waltzes in, complaining that
someone moved the trigger, causing her to
fall and lose an earring.
Leonora pulls Katherine's earring out of her
pocket, realizing what could have happened
to her.
Leonora hides in the darkness while following
the actors.
She catches a glimpse of Alice crying.
Overcome with tears, Leonora squeezes her
eyes shut, forcing the images away.
The actress who lost an earring demands it
from one of the workers, but the actors aren't
allowed in the basement.
Leonora hears Arnold welcome new guests from
outside, terrified that the horrors will happen
all over again.
She reaches Rakel's room, finding the trigger
in the goat painting.
She presses the button, and the floor beneath
her opens, dropping her into a dim crawlspace.
Leonora hides as a worker climbs down from
above.
She checks where the worker came from, seeing
a room full of discarded props.
On the floor, she finds a golden lock of hair,
similar to Alice's.
Leonora follows the worker down a narrow pathway.
A trapdoor opens, letting her hear the actress
from earlier tell a recruit to push guests
into the trapdoor if they don't fall instantly.
When the trapdoor closes, she moves forward,
finding a peephole that looks into one of
the hotel's hallways from a painting.
Hearing ominous grinding and squealing, she
peeks inside and sees butchers carrying human
corpses and processing body parts.
The horror has Leonora backing away until
she bumps into a figure in the dark.
Lars slams her on the wall to knock her out
and drag her to another room.
Leonora wakes up, hanging upside down in a
storage room full of corpses.
Mathias approaches her, commending her for
surviving the show the longest.
Knowing that she was an actress, Mathias offers
her to join his group.
Leonora asks if the actors know that they're
eating the guests, but Mathias returns by
asking what she would do to keep her family
alive.
Seeing no hope in her, Mathias turns to Lars,
offering an upgraded room for his family.
Mathias hangs Alice's red dress on a meat
hook, apologizing for taking her away.
When Leonora calls him a criminal, he claims
that they're survivors, saying that Jacob
understood.
With Mathias gone, Lars cleans her neck in
preparation.
Leonora cries and sees Jacob coming in, asking
Lars to leave him with his wife.
Jacob kneels in front of her, convincing her
to join them.
He reminds her that nothing is left for them
outside the hotel, and they can start all
over here.
But Leonora refuses to join the people who
hurt Alice.
Jacob asks Lars for the scalpel, wanting to
prove his loyalty by doing the deed himself.
Leonora begs for her life, but Jacob has decided.
He kisses her on the forehead before swinging
back to knock out Lars.
Jacob hurriedly frees Leonora just before
Lars stabs him in the chest.
Leonora runs, using the hanging corpses to
shield Lars from her.
She grabs Alice's dress, but Lars pins her
to the wall.
Seeing the meat hook behind him, Leonora gathers
her strength and pushes Lars, leaving him
dangling on the hook.
Leonora crawls back to her husband, cradling
him on her lap.
He mourns for Alice as he struggles to breathe.
Leonora cries, seeing the light in his eyes
go out.
With her husband gone, she inspects Alice's
dress, wondering what happened to her.
She finds blood on the dress then tastes it.
Hope fills her eyes as she confirms that the
blood is sweet.
Alice could still be alive.
She looks at the gold masks on the table and
forms an idea.
With the play starting, Leonora heads back
up the hotel and joins the guest, wearing
a mask.
She sees the guests getting captured but ignores
them.
When she's distracted, Hans grabs her and
throws her to the wall.
He chokes her as a painting opens up.
Thinking quickly, Leonora puts her gold mask
on Hans.
The butcher walks in, mistaking Hans as a
guest, and snaps his neck, carrying his body
away.
In the ballroom, Mathias puts on a show for
a small audience when Leonora confronts him.
He tries to neutralize the situation, but
Leonora threatens to expose him if he doesn't
return Alice.
When Mathias doesn't comply, she reveals to
the guests that they will be butchered and
served as food.
Seeing the audience's confusion, Mathias laughs,
pretending that Leonora is part of the play.
Mathias slams the table and tells her that
her family would still be alive if she accepted
his offer.
With nothing left to lose, Leonora realizes
what she needs to do.
She acts out the scene she plays for Alice
to rid of her monsters.
The audience become captivated with her performance.
Leonora deliberately leaves the ballroom,
realizing that the audience would follow suit,
curious on how her story continues.
Panicked, Mathias orders the actors to stop
her.
Leonora marches down the hotel with the guests
in tow.
She leads them to the large painting, revealing
the secret passage to the crawlspace.
She takes the guests and actors into the butchery,
revealing the truth.
The guests scramble away in fear while the
actors are frozen in shock.
Mathias tries to control the chaos as Leonora
meets him at the foyer.
The actors thought that they were only stealing
from the guests and are horrified that they'd
eaten human flesh.
Rakel walks in, stabbing Mathias in the chest
with hatred in her eyes.
On the brink of death, Mathias finally confesses
that he took Alice because she looks like
his daughter.
But he still refuses to reveal her location.
The actors take him away, leaving the grieving
Leonora alone.
Her cries stop when she hears Alice's voice
again.
She finds Alice on the grand staircase but
thinks her mind is playing tricks again.
Leonora begs for it to stop, looking away
from the confused girl.
Finally, Leonora realizes that it's not her
imagination; she finally found her daughter.
Leonora cries, hugging her child and admiring
her face.
Alice asks where her father is, but Leonora
answers that it's just the two of them now.
When morning comes, the hotel is abandoned,
leaving Mathias hanging among the corpses.
Leonora and Alice go back to their desolated
home.
Seeing death everywhere, Leonora shields Alice
from the horrors.
She looks back at the hotel, pristine and
brimming with hope in comparison.